Ramon Cardona
SNHU
CS 499
December 11, 2022

CS499 Project Narrative

	For my CS499 eportfolio I had some difficulty which courses I would use for my eportfolio. I originally was going to use and submit, coursework from my DAT 220, CS 320 
  coursework; but I ultimately decided to use my final project for from my CS330 course. I decided to go with my CS 330 final project, because this project was started 
  from the beginning instead of using a template and just filling in blanks, I had to write the code myself. This project does involve software design and engineering 
  along algorithms and data structure and databases.
	For the first enhancement that I did was to add the directions up and down, to the camera movement. The original code did not have the directions up or down. I decided 
  to add up and down direction, to give the camera movement a more seamlessly 360-degree movement, as if someone is walking around the object. The challenges that I 
  faced for this enhancement is keeping in line with the structure of the code. I had to add the up and down directions plus, I also had to add the up and down directions withing the functions as well. At first, I only enhanced the code by adding the up and down directions without modifying the functions for the directions. Once I modified the functions as well the camera did have more of a seamless 360-degree movement. 
The second enhancement for this code was to ensure that any changes or enhancements made, were compatible with the algorithms and the structure that I code already had. 
Like, I mentioned earlier by just adding the direction up and down without modifying the functions for direction, the program would not recognize the up and down 
direction. Once, I modified the functions by adding for up and down, then the program did recognize and move up and down.
	The final enhancement that I did for this code was to update the libraries that were used by the program. The libraries that were updated were GLAD, GLEW, GLM. 
  Before this enhancement the libraries were running for an x32 bit system. The enhancements made the program can now run on an x64 bit system; which will run smoothly 
  compared to an x32 bit system. The challenges that I faced was trying to find the correct databases that will run with the code under a x64 bit. 
	This coursework will show that I can create a program without relying on a template and just filling in the blanks. This coursework will also show that I can make 
  enhancements(modifications) and keeping with the structure of the code. 
